Dr. Togr Togr is really a Buddha. This time Dr. Togr's teaching, what we are discussing, is Toghr's
teaching.
Among the Dr. Togr's teachings, among the Togr's, this is the final teaching. According to the
British teacher,
Buddha Shatamanyo or the Buddha Samadhar Bhadra, this is the final teaching.
What does that mean? Because all the other teachings, the basic Buddhist teachings,
Sutra teaching, Vedayana out-teaching, Inadanta teaching, Mahayoga teaching, Anoyoga teaching,
there is still to go, still to go, deeper and deeper. And within the Dzogr teaching, according to
the teaching,
there is also three sections, mind section, spirit section, beat and second. In the Dzogr teaching
of
the mind section, according again to the great masters, there is still to go, to the spirit section
of the Dzogr teaching.
When you are in the spirit section of the teaching, still to go, beat and start with second
teachings.
When you are in the spirit section of the teaching, we guys learn Togr and Togr,
and then when you are Togr teaching, sorry, when you are Togr teaching, still to go to the Togr
teachings.
Now, final, big of the teaching, the highest of the teachings.
That means there is nothing further to go to reveal the nature.
In enlightenment, Buddhahood is revealed in the nature. It's not that the way you are reminding
strange things to do.
A Koda teaching is inherited nature. It's not something that just nature, but it is our richness,
inherited nature. So when we are revealing of the Togr teaching, and it's still teaching,
but still to reveal something, which is a more clouded aspect of nature, to reveal.
Now we will reveal the nature of the pochachas, like the emptiness aspect, or the openness,
spaciousness of the nature of the two, but true, and now we reveal the clouded aspect of nature,
then there's nothing more about to go. It's the final, final teachings.
We are in the final teaching stages of what Buddhahood taught.
That is what we have this great opportunity to practice in a way, grab that immediately.
And therefore it is one of the really, we are all very important. We are all connected to this
great lineage teachings, great teachings. That lineage teaching is completely based upon the,
again, true nature. Nothing is unnatural with me. Nothing is duality. Nothing is ego-cleaning.
Nothing is self-importance. It's pristine, true kindness, compassion, love. That is what it is.
And we don't mix with duality, consciousness, and that thing. True nugget, natural teachings,
final teachings. It's therefore, I mean, so important that we all, definitely what the
teachings said there, and so activated those, they thought, it's very important,
made the meaning for this. Now even we have that, that even we got the final teachings of the
Buddha,
but still what we have to do? We have to put that in practice. Resume teaching
while not going to get enlightenment. We have to put that into practice. The practice will
combine that teaching and practice together, then become the, we make progress. We will change.
And therefore, I mean, this is what, for that reason, we should always really activate our
joy, and devotion, and appreciation, all those people thought, those thought or support us,
and then bring the realization. Now I'll read those understand and look.